Hello, this is the last one coming in.
in the climate of the year 2012 so our
Today's tip is special a beach of
southeast that prepared a revealed also
special for this year is the beach of
camburi in the Holy Spirit which is in
great victory on the 31st at least 650
tents should be mounted on the sand to
receive the year 2013
it will be 16 minutes of fireworks
besides the shows that happen from the 20
hours and the forecast for Monday and Tuesday
is stable time there is a chance of
rainfall is very small throughout the state
of the holy spirit
dry air makes it difficult to form
instability guaranteed days
sunny there is no rain forecast in
time of the turn and both on the second and
on Tuesday the maximum forecast is 34
degrees
Let's talk about some other things now.
capital where he revealed is also famous
Let's start with savior where in
Monday there is even the possibility
rain but it's a rain a lot
isolated and fleeting
time remains muffled in most of the
day 31 with a maximum of 32 degrees during
afternoon and then on Tuesday the sun is coming back
to predominate more strongly the
thermometers even go up a bit
maximum of 33 degrees
already in florianópolis there is the presence of
a cold front
is forecast to rain on Monday
with some improvement periods and in the
third time a little more unstable both
is that thermometers do not go up very high
mainly compare with the
last days in both the second and the
third time drowned yet the maximum
should not exceed 28 degrees
already in rio de janeiro great revealed there
the beaches at midnight there is a chance
pure rain while it is small but it does not
to rule out the possibility of
mainly during the
late on Monday the heat of
32 degrees but thermometers drop one
little that in recent days we have spent
40 then the thermometers are still
30 but he climbed
it really should give a
truce because a cold front will stay
practically parked on the state
from Sao Paulo
so much is that in são paulo paraná part of
santa catarina is forecasting a lot
rain for the next few days in the northeast
little rain mainly mines
in the northern state of the Holy Spirit and
The northern end of the country has also
and next week we will come back with
more or getting into the mood for you
over there